Composition is an alternative to inheritance as a way to relate classes to each other.
In this program here,
we have a class Car and a car is simply composed of wheels.
There are by default in the constructor four wheels,
a vector of four wheels and then the class Wheel simply has a member diameter and
the default constructor sets the diameter to
50 maybe 30 centimeters but diameters of public members so we could change it later.
In this case, car is composed of wheels.
Wheels don't inherit from car,
car doesn't inherit from wheels.
A car isn't a type of wheel,
a wheel isn't a type of car.
A car simply has wheels.
It's composed of wheels.
We could also imagine adding seats or a steering wheel or
other elements that can comprise a car or a better set of of which a car is composed.
But at a base level,
a car has wheels and so we create or instantiate
an object of type car and then we check that car has at least one wheel.
We could also in this case set it equal to
four but just to make it more generic let's say a car at base has to
have at least one wheel and if we compile that and run
it everything works and a car is composed of wheels. That's composition.